<p><font size=18>CUSTOMER AND PROBLEM DESCRIPTION</font></p>+ **Project Name: Lending-Library IM**+ **Team Members: Pierce Beckett, Timothy Robinson, Alexander Martin**+ **Date: 01/28/2021**# 1. CustomerOur customer is a non-profit lending library organization for kids in need. The customer is located in the Chattanooga, TN area. The customer helps those in need to get school books to those children who can’t afford normal school fees. They also allow those in need to rent the books at no cost but under certain time restraints. The lending-library considers themselves to be a necessary resource for underprivileged grade school students.# 2. ProblemThe customer is seeking to modernize their inventory management system. Currently they are just using a pen and paper system combined with excel for longer term inventory management. This has proven to be unwieldy as the organization and its needs have grown. They want a better way to keep track of the current inventory as well as see basic analytics such as which books, genres, and authors are being requested most and how long each book is being checked out. This system would need to store all the data about a book (e.g. title, author, publication date, genre, ISBN, etc.), information about the customers themselves, and all data connecting the two parties such as check out and return dates.# 3. ApproachThere would be a landing page where the user could login. After a successful login, they would be presented with a basic dashboard page that contains links to other system functions and information. They would then have remote access to customer information and current inventory. They would have the ability to change/update database information as well as see analytics about transactions that have occurred. This would allow the organization a synced, up-to-date record system. It would also allow them to make informed decisions on any updates to the inventory as well as the locations that need higher priority.# 4. Team## 4.1 Team Members+ Timothy Robinson - PHP, MySQL+ Pierce Beckett - Frontend Design and PHP+ Alexander Martin - Proficient in HTML, MySQL, and Project Management## 4.2 Team Strengths and QualificationEveryone on the team has similar coding experience related to this problem. Every team member has the education and knowledge required to complete the software.  Everyone here has front and back end development experience as well as agile development experience. All of the team members have done a project similar to the current one that qualifies them to take on this project.# 5. Trade-offs, Constraints, and Special ConsiderationsIf time allows we would like to add a portal for customers to request books, see due dates, etc however our core focus is to get the system and inventory system working for the administration and organizational side of things.We need to ensure that users only have read or write access to information they are authorized for.